Where is your sword?
And my sword to see you
My heart is the sharpest sword in the world
I'd like to see your so-called heart sword
Is it a move of the Blood Sword to defeat the enemy?
Li Yao is worthy of being a disciple of Yuan Men's Qing Dynasty
Only half a step away
You can practice swordplay
Become a first-class knife powerhouse
These forces
I'm afraid there are few enemies in the kingdom
Although the ocean has been put on the moonlight mirror
The ocean will not lose
Is there anything else besides hiding from you?
You want to lose so much?
Then I will fulfill you
Finger as sword
I thought it was goose-to-goose.
I didn't expect it to be real
Quite a genius
One block all day
Today I appear to be blind
i
Popular, destroy it
Decepticons Knife